Alright, let's talk about money.
Specifically, how your performance turns
into a paycheck.
I'm going to lay out how compensation works
here so there's no mystery about it.
The more you
understand this, the clearer the connection
between your daily work and what you earn.
Whatever seat you're in, compensation here
is built around the same idea.
A base while you ramp up,
performance pay on the results your role
owns, and bonuses for hitting milestones along
the way.
When you start, you receive a base rate
while you're ramping up.
You're learning, building skills,
getting comfortable with the process.
The base pay makes sure you've got income
coming in while
you're still getting up to speed.
Once you're consistently hitting your role's
KPIs, you
graduate to the full performance structure.
That's the transition point.
Take the lead sourcing seat
as an example. You earn a commission on every
deal that closes where you are the person
who
sourced and qualified the lead.
You did the follow-up.
You built the relationship.
You
handed it off with a clean, complete package
and the acquisition team closed it.
That's your deal.
And performance pay moves with your
performance.
Strong months show up in your paycheck.
Milestone bonuses work the same way in every
seat.
They count on real outcomes.
In lead sourcing,
an appointment counts when the seller actually
shows up for the call, not when you put
it on the
calendar. Real results, not activity for its
own sake.
The math is direct. The better you get at
your craft, the more you make.
And good work has a long tail.
Deals you worked months ago can still
close and that follow-through is exactly
what gets noticed and rewarded here.
The people who earn the
most here aren't necessarily the ones with
the most raw volume.
They're the ones who are thorough,
consistent, and don't let good leads die
from neglect.
More quality conversations means more
deals in your pipeline.
Consistent follow-up means those deals
actually convert instead of going cold.
And clean handoffs mean the acquisition team
can close efficiently instead of scrambling
for
missing information. Every lead you let slip
is potential commission you left on the
table.
Every thorough handoff is money you're
putting in your own pocket.
It's that direct. Now, your exact
numbers, your base rate, how your performance
pay is calculated, your bonus milestones,
those live in
your offer letter or your comp plan.
If you ever have a question about what
applies to you, go there
first or ask your manager.
Alright, next up, what a real day actually
looks like here.
How you run your
day and how the team stays in sync.
Then we'll close out with where you can go
from here.